---
layout: post
title:  "How much it costs to set up a business at In5 Tech"
date:   2019-06-16 11:21:39 +0400
---

I set up WeKeep's license at In5 Tech. In5 Tech provides a subsidized TECOM license with several other great benefits. Here's how much it costs and how long the process took me.

# Application
- February 17th: Applied first time, before even completing my first version of WeKeep and publishing it online. As per the application, a demo product was not a requirement so I had not made the first version of WeKeep public.
- February 26th: Got rejected because "Website not working" plus a few other comments about the pitch deck, was invited to update the application and reapply.
- April 7th: reapplied after having completed and published the first version of WeKeep and gotten one customer
- April 14th: Shortlisted to pitch in front of Tech committee
- May 2nd: Approved for In5.

# Business setup
- May 7th: submitted required documents (delay was caused by my bank, was waiting for a reference letter from them).
- May 26th:
  - license fee `1020 AED`
  - share capital. This is money that remains yours, i.e. you can wire it back to yourself after the incorporation. The minimum share capital is `10,000 AED` and the price per share is fixed at `1000 AED` – you can't change that. This means the smallest stake that a shareholder can have (1 share) is `10%` of the company. If you want finer distribution, you need to put up a higher share capital (e.g. with `100,000 AED` share capital you can give as little as `1%` of the company.)
  - In5 annual office lease `12,633 AED` (in 3 post-dated cheques)
  - In5 lease security deposit `1000 AED`.
- June 16th: Articles of Associations drafted and signed. Delay of about 10 days was due to Eid break.
- June 20th: License issued.
- June xxx: Establishment card `2000 AED`. Required if you want to issue visas.