---
layout: post
title:  "How much it costs to set up a business at In5 Tech"
date:   2019-07-01 08:21:39 +0400
permalink: cost-in5-tech
---

I set up WeKeep's license at In5 Tech. In5 Tech provides a subsidized TECOM license with several other great benefits. Here's how much it costs and how long the process took me.

# Application
- Day 0: Submitted In5 application.
- D+7: Shortlisted to pitch in front of Tech committee
- D+23: Pitched in front of Tech committee
- D+25: Approved for In5.

# Business setup
- D+26: Request bank reference letter.
- D+30: Reference letter received. Submitted required documents.
- D+49. Payments:
  - license fee `1,020 AED`
  - share capital. This is money that remains yours, i.e. you can wire it back to yourself after the incorporation. The minimum share capital is `10,000 AED` and the price per share is fixed at `1,000 AED` – you can't change that. This means the smallest stake that a shareholder can have (1 share) is `10%` of the company. If you want finer allocation, you need to put up a higher share capital (e.g. with `100,000 AED` share capital you can give as little as `1%` of the company.)
  - In5 annual office lease `12,633 AED` (in 3 post-dated cheques)
  - In5 lease security deposit `1,000 AED`.
- D+70: Articles of Associations drafted and signed. Delay of about 10 days was due to public holidays.
- D+74: License issued.
- D+78: Occupational Lease Agreement and Personnel Sponsorship Agreement (PSA) signed.
- D+79: Articles of Associations original issued. Means now I can apply for a bank account.
You also need to apply for an Establishment card (`2000 AED`) to issue visas.

The process took about 2 months which is still relatively long, but it was fluid with no complications.